CEXT-6421: update checkout starter kit docs for the 4-app split (#578)
AdobeDocs/commerce-extensibility: src/pages/starter-kit/checkout/tax-use-cases.md

- Example (exclusive): Net price 100.00, tax rate 20% → Tax = 20.00, Gross = 120.00

In the [Adobe Commerce checkout starter kit](https://github.com/adobe/commerce-checkout-starter-kit/blob/main/apps/tax-integration/src/commerce-extensibility-1/actions/collect-taxes/index.js) you can find an implementation of both pricing models.

## Update custom attributes on tax classes via Admin UI

The out-of-process tax module allows you to add custom attributes to tax classes. These attributes are useful when integrating with third-party tax systems that require standardized identifiers or additional metadata.  
For the relevant endpoints to update tax class custom attributes, see the [Tax API reference](tax-reference.md).

To simplify management, the `tax-integration` app includes a Tax Management admin UI. This single-page application, located in [`commerce-backend-ui-2`](https://github.com/adobe/commerce-checkout-starter-kit/tree/main/apps/tax-integration/src/commerce-backend-ui-2), retrieves tax classes and lets you add or edit their custom attributes directly from the UI.

![Tax Management UI](../../images/starterkit/tax-management-ui.png)

> The UI calls a Commerce REST proxy runtime action, authenticated with the logged-in admin's own IMS token, to read and update tax classes on your Commerce instance. To set up the Admin UI, see [Admin UI SDK configuration](../../app-management/installation/admin-ui-sdk.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Admin calls a Commerce REST proxy runtime action, authenticated with the logged-in admin's own IMS token, to read and update tax classes on your Commerce instance. [Admin UI SDK configuration](../../app-management/installation/admin-ui-sdk.md) describes the configuration.
```
